a united states army field hospital
somewhere near the front lines check
this place out see what the nurses are I
[Music]
think you will find these accommodating
they're quite dry don't you use olives
we don't have to make certain
concessions to the war were three miles
from the front line this is the story of
two indispensable military surgeons they
had the army over a barrel what did they
take advantage of it yes
[Music]
mash a motion-picture that raises some
important moral question and then it
drops them what do you do coulombs doing
in this hostel Oh what's the matter was
hurt you bet look mother I want to go to
work in one hour we are the pros from
Dover but I got that dirty old man out
of this operating theater and then give
me at least one nurse who knows how to
work in clothes without getting her tits
in my way I wonder how a degenerated
person like that could have reached a
position of responsibility in the Army
Medical Corps he was drafted our Father
who art in heaven hallowed be thy name
thy kingdom come his will be done share
this with the rest of
[Music]
I should check with the military vicars
office you see I cannot give absolution
to a man who is about to commit suicide
you have any particular method that
you'd recommend black capsule black
capsule ring
[Music]
[Applause]
focus
[Music]